#Company Guidelines 

#Business Practice 

Rebalancing is required for each client account every six months. Exceptions to this frequency must be requested directly by the client in writing. For clients who request no rebalancing at any time, form 662 must be filled out and signed by the client and their advisor. 

For new client accounts, if they are funded by cash deposit it must be deposited by mid-week (end of day Wednesday) for trades to be placed for that week. For cash deposits after Wednesday, trades will be placed the next business day (excluding weekends and holidays). For accounts that are funded by transfer, trades to reallocate the account can only take place once the account is fully funded and transferred. 

Proprietary investments must be recommended to clients before any other options are discussed. If a client chooses not to invest into a proprietary company investment, form 001 must be completed and signed. Advisors will receive higher compensation for these investments. Further detail can be found in the supplementary guideline appendix. 

It is a company expectation that clients will have no more than 30% of their investment portfolio in annuity products. Exceptions to this rule must be client requested and approved, and form 631 must be completed and signed.  

Completing tax documents for a client is not acceptable. The company has two general CPA recommendations (namely John Peters & Willman and Associates), though other CPA recommendation are acceptable at the advisor’s discretion. Tax planning is considered appropriate when no tax documents are completed or approved from our office directly (and under the guide of a CPA). 

When completing client paperwork, upload each form into Docusign and autofill as much client information as possible from Redtail. Then, review the form in detail and complete the required sections that were not auto filled. Lastly, highlight the signature boxes for the client and advisor to sign. Completed examples can be found in the supplementary guideline appendix. 

Client meetings are only allowed to be scheduled on company property during Wednesday afternoons. Any meetings on other days, or on Wednesday mornings, must take place off-site. Acceptable locations include golf courses, bowling alleys, remote offices, or via zoom. 

 

#Internal Policies 

Food may only be consumed in designated eating locations. Outside snacks and beverages are not allowed on company property, except for a company water bottle. Some food and drink will be available for purchase in the kitchen and dining area. 

Casual Friday is mandatory for all eligible full-time employees. Part-time employees are required to always wear business attire on company property. Full-time employees may wear business attire or a company-branded polo shirt Monday through Thursday. On Fridays, full-time employees may wear modest casual wear. For more details, please visit your HR representative. 

A full workday is considered to be from 7am to 8pm. Employees are allowed two days being late or leaving early per year (by no more than 30 minutes) before a warning is given. Upon the third day being late or leaving early, a permanent mark is placed on the employee file and a $500 fine is given. Employees recorded arriving late or departing early five times within a single calendar year will be terminated. 

There are no days off allowed. 
